feat: custom Spectral rule to ensure content objects contain schema (#258)
IBM/openapi-validator: docs/spectral-rules.md

# Custom Spectral Rules

> This document outlines the custom Spectral rules implemented in `src/spectral/rulesets/.defaultsForSpectral.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document outlines the custom Spectral rules implemented in the `ibm:oas` ruleset.
```
